sorry evita many channel / comfy Silas
is darling and i hope they are very very
useful to your eyes i am like in the
comments and i'm also working according
to your feedback so this week I am going
to present very famous recipe which
should normally enjoy restaurants jeha
southwark aesthetic is a road named for
Thea son recipe it's done as when they
can get income easily girl / cosmic Nene
SF nasar they are we he's worth so press
remember who curve at a puzzle let's get
started so friends i'm back in the
kitchen futaba t addicting of
ingredients khachatryan dal makhni
banana Kelly so I've already boiled this
older doll and some rajma so the
quantity is I have taken one bowl
entirely so the one goal consists of I
think more than half of Oregon and some
Raj Mars to cover that one bowl normal
butter I have taken you can also take
the CDC key city where sahih flavor
after Isis a butter say after it's just
that we normally taste dal makhni way
while we go in restaurants with butter
so that's the reason I have added butter
these are some green chilies her image
finally here language make a baby prefer
nagar too because la Ruche make which
added ingredients ready hair so i am
prefer going with green chilies so
that's option for you you can take
lambda chi as well so this is dal makhni
masala you can also take rajma masala or
you can take kitchen in whatever is
available with you this is fresh cream i
have taken you can also take card
instead of fresh cream that's also up to
you and these are some grinded tomatoes
so around three of them to making of dal
makhni i have already heated
key in my car I normal hijab that may
use curtain that's the same key i'm
using i won't be using any define or any
vegetable oil in it because what flavor
Nia out there so I hadn't mentioned
about the Clara masalas these are also
optional naal McNee but still at the
last moment i am adding some of them you
can skip it so I'm adding two bay leaves
I'm adding one big e lai chi cinnamon
and some black pepper Cara was a lousy
cook time do I really time to add hot
chocolate on it or onion go ian is amari
PR put up the I just keep up with
brownies are another chance yes I am
surrounded by hacking and get
round collar yes and your mockney masala
it away and let it cook for another 2 to
3 minutes to keep the flavors intact for
the Kurama kala I am just covering the
onion with the leg now I will remove the
slit and see other onions are nice
hiruma anything I think onions are done
it's a time to add your mehsana into
this paste just adding the masala so I'm
not adding here additional sword because
i have already added salt by cooking my
doll so no need to i just got it well
and allow it to rest for you can now see
the onions are done in my previous
videos also i have told you that the oil
will come towards the site Jessie he oh
I love a side ski theravada that means
your masala is cooked you need not to
worry and now you can add the tomato
puree to it it's time to add tomato fury
and cook it till you see the oil coming
to us besides I'll take certain masala
puri thoracic oh boo gasps sides thingy
majiggy they cry Joe manager Amidala ha
now it's the time to add my darling to
it just stir it before I did and just
put it like this stir it well cook this
the for at least seven to eight minutes
and cover it with a lid after seven
minutes we'll add cream to this stuff
before that we should not do this
because it will not absorb all the
flavors immediately after seven to eight
minutes
feel like II sorry Gideon's mix hochu
care and now it's a time to add our
cream so cream the optional have other
occupies the year after he add cursor
thing stir it well again and let this
cook for another field formulates will
say cream the flavor on the absorber
Jaya but I how make them last my darling
seven minutes you can see the
consistency is perfect the cream has
been dissolved properly now it's the
final time to add a yummy putter up is
time but they cg b @ cursive 10 but
trust me but I say coffee a char flavor
after she becomes rich jewel of diabetic
hair yeah janae I be pika problem here
who is buttercup white car something and
they can use little of desi ghee instead
which flavor I got extra chahiye 80 and
I think my yummy dal is ready you can
see it and it's exactly the same job
Tucker restaurants makati